Add break room world (#1457)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/samples-environments.md

Light objects such as the books on the shelf or the fruits in the basket can be grabbed by a robot.
An e-puck robot patrols on the table and an iRobot Create robot cleans the ground.

### [break\_room.wbt](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/tree/master/projects/samples/environments/indoor/worlds/break_room.wbt)

**Keywords**: Break room, domestic environment, furniture

%figure "Screenshots of the break room environment."

|     |     |
|:---:|:---:|
| ![break_room_a.png](images/samples/break_room_a.png) | ![break_room_b.png](images/samples/break_room_b.png) |
| ![break_room_c.png](images/samples/break_room_c.png) | ![break_room_d.png](images/samples/break_room_d.png) |

%end

> This example shows a copy of a break room layout using the domestic objects included in Webots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows an office break room using the domestic objects included in Webots.
```

These objects are Webots PROTO nodes, and can be easily moved and resized to create other apartment layouts.
Doors are interactive.

> This means that a robot could open a drawer, leave an object inside it, and close it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that a robot can open a drawer, leave an object inside it, and close it.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
